{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Review daily activities scheduled for the week.\
{\listtext	2.	}Review tasks in active status and ensure to follow-up.\
{\listtext	3.	}Organize all tasks to be completed that day.\
{\listtext	4.	}Contact customers for any communications this includes pending approvals, or additional information required.\
{\listtext	5.	}Review the tasks inside of the project queues that are assigned to you and update/complete the tasks.\
{\listtext	6.	}Provide updates to customers on project status, tasks being worked on, tasks completed, or if additional information is required to complete a task. \
{\listtext	7.	}Manage the customer support portal. This includes receiving support issues, calling customers to review the support request, troubleshooting the support ticket, escalating the support ticket with partner vendors, and following up with the customer on the resolution/outcomes.\
{\listtext	8.	}Send out questionnaire for customer reviews\
{\listtext	9.	}Send out questionnaire for customer experience\
{\listtext	10.	}Utilize our customer website management tool to gather details on which websites need updates. Send a report to management to display the list of sites and details of updates for approval. Upon approval update all of the customer websites. Report any issues found or reported by the customer website management tool. \
{\listtext	11.	}\
}